com.miui.compass							             Compass
com.miui.miservice							           Services_&_Feedback
com.android.stk								             SIM_Tool_Kit
com.mipay.wallet.in							           Mi_Pay
com.miui.weather2							             Weather
com.xiaomi.mipicks								         Get_Apps
com.miui.player								             Music
com.google.android.apps.googleassistant    Assistant
com.google.android.apps.nbu.paisa.user	   Google_Pay
com.google.android.apps.subscriptions.red	 Google_One
com.mi.android.globalminusscreen				   App_vault
com.facebook.system                        Facebook_App_Installer
com.facebook.appmanager                    Facebook_App_Manager
com.facebook.services                      Facebook_Services
com.android.simappdialog                   Sim_app_dialogue
com.google.android.youtube                 Youtube
com.mintgames.zentriple3d                  Zen_Triple
com.xiaomi.mi_care                         Xiaomi_Service+
com.block.juggle                           Block_Blast!
com.mintgames.schuman.ablock               Jewel_Block_Puzzle
com.netflix.mediaclient                    Netflix
com.mi.global.shop                         Mi_store
com.facebook.katana                        Facebook
com.amazon.avod.thirdpartyclient           Prime_video
com.google.android.apps.youtube.music      YouTube_Music
com.google.android.videos                  Google_TV
com.google.android.apps.tachyon            Meet
com.google.android.apps.podcasts           Google_Podcasts
com.micredit.in                            Mi_Credit
cn.wps.xiaomi.abroad.lite                  Mi_Doc_Viewer(Powered_by_WPS)
com.miui.android.fashiongallery            Wallpaper_Carousel
com.eterno                                 DailyHunt
com.opera.mini.native                      Opera Mini
com.gaana                                  Gaana
com.funnypuri.client                       Zili
app.buzz.share                             Helo
com.google.android.music                   Google_Play_Music
com.google.android.apps.nbu.files          Files
#com.android.vending	                     Play_store
#com.android.chrome                        Google_chrome
